Here is my answer for your questions about the system and the business preference. ask me anything if you have any doubt. And then tell me how we are going to use javascript to automate this process. Think longer and analyse what i tell you below and what you need to do, like the expert i know you are. winke be professional, no fluff real talk discussion. "Do you want me to prepare a detailed “info collection checklist” (a fillable list you can take tomorrow when testing the site, so you capture everything I’ll need)?" Yes but i have been filling passport application for a lot of clients so i know the process i will tell you what you asked for in the 4th section "key requirements from you (what i need to know about the website)" from what i know and then you will give me the checklist to gather the details of how the website works based on what i tell you now. Here is what i can tell you about the website: 1. Website structure official government website URL= https://www.ethiopianpassportservices.gov.et/request-appointment No of pages, from what i remember, the forms are all on the same page [https://www.ethiopianpassportservices.gov.et/request-appointment] this url does not change until we have completed the registration and filled and submitted the final form which is to select payment option and confirm to agree with terms and services, submiting that leard to [https://www.ethiopianpassportservices.gov.et/InstructionPage] which gives instructions like you have to pay the fees with in 3 hours or the appointment will expire and that you have to come to the office at the appointment date with the required original documents we need two numbers from this page order code (to pay the fees) and application number(to download the printable after payment) both of which we(the shop owner and i will do manually) Number of steps or forms: There are many forms on the first page (actually, all the forms are on the first page)[https://www.ethiopianpassportservices.gov.et/request-appointment], but when you submit each page, the URL does not change; it stays the same, but the next form will replace the form we just submitted. 1. The first form is just a check box "I agree to the terms and conditions" and a button "start individual appointment" (it is not a form perse but an input field of type checkbox and an anchor with a span “start individual appointment” inside it) this form does not have cloudflare, then a list of anchors appear, you will enter the first anchor. The first anchor is for “new passport appointment” the anchor has a div inside it that has a strong with the text “new passport” “appointment” 2. the site selection form appears (where we select the site where the client will be giving biometric, like fingerprint, and present original documents), this is going to be filled with similar data for all clients. On this form, there is a Cloudflare that prevents us from submitting the data we enter, so we have to wait for it. Then 3. the next form is where we select a date from the available spots (a calendar shows up, the available dates are clickable the rest are not, we have to see on the next month if the dates on the month displayed are all off or not available) after choosing the day for appointment then we have to chose a time range with in that day this gets revealed right next to the calendar that we chose the date from right after selecting the date, this form does not have a cloudflare, and after selecting the time and hitting the submiting the current form. 4. the next form replaces the current one and this is the most important one where all the client data will be filled, name in AMhaic and ENglish, DOB, birth place, gender, phonenumber and many more fields, there is no Cloudflare on this form, so we can submit with out any problem if we fill the required filleds, which are less than 10 fields in number. Then, when we submit, the next form replaces this one 5. The new form is where we select the address of the client, where they live. This is also going to be filled with similar data for all our clients. It is a select option for choosing the region and a text field for the city, there is no Cloudflare on this form either so we submit with no waiting. 6. the next form is optional it asks for family details so we just click the next button or some element with the text next to go to the next form 7. then the next form is where we select the number of passport pages 32 is the default and we are going to leave it at that, so we submit without changing the select field, this is the second and the last form that has cloudflare check up, so we wait till the cloudflare clears and we hit submit. 8. then we arrive at the form where we are asked to upload government id and then a birth certificate. There is a button or some element with similar function that has a text content of upload. 9. then the next form replaces this one, now this one is just a check box to confirm that the client data is correct so we just check the box “confirm applicant details” and hit next button or some element with similar function, since there is no cloudflare on this one. Now 10. the next one is where we select payment option, and this is not a clear one for me because it displays payment options, but it shows logo of online payment options like the logo of CBE with text CBE Mobile, telebirr image and many more, what we will do is select by clicking the image or logo, I am not sure, and agree by checking the check box “agree to terms and condition” hit submit, there is no cloudflare here either. 11. Now we are lead to the other page I told you about [https://www.ethiopianpassportservices.gov.et/InstructionPage] where the codes (order code and application number) will be displayed along with other instructions, and we need to retrieve and store two numbers from this page for all clients, the order code and the application number, there is no cloud flare or anything on this page, but this page only works if you come through the process if you just open the URL you will see a blank white screen. Do the form elements have a predictable name or id? Yes most of the fields in the forms have a name or id if not a text content in the input field or a label (for example [<span class="MuiButton-label">Next</span>]) so Yeah that is it. For instance The fields for Amharic names have a name = “geezfirstname” or something like that. 2. Process Flow How many forms/pages per client before final submission? I believe I have answered that in the first question. There are a lot of non-mandatory fields in the 4th and 5th forms. I will list the mandatory ones in these two forms, you are going to leave non-mandatory ones unfilled as they are not important. The mandatory fields in the 4th form are: 1. First name, Middle name and last name both in Amharic and English, 6 fields in total. 2. Date of Birth (format mm/dd/yy) 3. Nationality (select option) 4. Phone number 5. Birth place 6. Gender (select option) 7. Martial status (select option) That will be all we need for the 4th form. The mandatory fields in the 5th form are: 1. Region (select option) 2. City That will be all we will need for the 5th form. And like I told you before only the 4th form will be different for each client the rest of the form are all the same for all the clients. 3, Cloudflare behaviour It looks like it appears with the form whether or not I try to submit it or not. It usually takes up to 20 seconds. It is a timed spinner but I think it is when it suspects something that it requires a click. 4. Timing The site usually opens on 3:00AM, everyday, with a window of 3-5 minutes 5. Client data I store the client information on excel for now, but I can store it in any way or form if it increases the efficiency of the script I have told you about the mandatory fields from the forms that have non-mandatory. I have also mentioned the required formatting for the DOB. 6. Submission feedback A submission is successful when we are taken to the instruction page [https://www.ethiopianpassportservices.gov.et/InstructionPage] where we find order code, application number and instructions. The download and print document will be handled manual by me and my employer, the shop owner. 7. Technical Environment OS Windows, His desktops are windows but first I am going to test them here in my hp stream laptop with windows 10. Do you want this script to run as a standalone desktop app, or just a script you run manually? we will keep it as a script for now, after testing it with different machines and confirming it works we will design a project to make it a standalone app.